[IMP] l10n_pe: Update current Peruvian modules and description (#10562)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/peru.rst

Peru
====

.. |SUNAT| replace:: :abbr:`SUNAT (Superintendencia Nacional de Aduanas y de Administración
   Tributaria)`
.. |GRE| replace:: :abbr:`GRE (Guía de Remisión Electrónica)`
.. |RUS| replace:: :abbr:`RUS (Régimen Único Simplificado)`
.. |EDI| replace:: :abbr:`EDI (Electronic Data Interchange)`

Modules
=======

:ref:`Install <general/install>` the following modules to utilize all the current features of the
Peruvian localization.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Name
     - Technical name
     - Description

>    * - :guilabel:`Chile - Accounting`

Author: Ooopsie, Peru indeed, thanks!

       configuration required for a company to operate in Peru and under the SUNAT regulations and
       guidelines. The main elements included in this module are: chart of account, taxes, document
       types.
   * - :guilabel:`Peru - E-invoicing`
     - `l10n_pe_edi`
     - Includes all technical and functional requirements to generate and receive electronic
       invoices online based on the SUNAT regulations.
   * - :guilabel:`Peru - Accounting Reports`
     - `l10n_pe_reports`
     - Includes the following financial reports.

       - 1st set of main financial reports:

         - Registro de Ventas e Ingresos (RVIE) - 14.4
         - Registro de Compras Electrónico (RCE) - 8.4
         - Registro de Compras Electrónico - Información de Operaciones con Sujetos no Domiciliados
           (RCE) - 8.5

       - 2nd set of financial reports:

         - PLE 5.1 General Journal
         - PLE 5.3 Chart of Accounts
         - PLE 6.1 General Ledger

       - 3rd set of financial reports:

         - PLE 1.1 Libro de Caja
         - PLE 1.2 Libro de Bancos

   * - :guilabel:`Peruvian - Electronic Delivery Note`
     - `l10n_pe_edi_stock`

>      - The delivery guide (Guía de Remisión) is needed as proof that you are sending goods between A
>        and B. It is only when a delivery order is validated that you can create the delivery guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Adds the delivery guide (Guía de Remisión), which is needed as proof that you are sending
     goods between A and B. It is only when a delivery order is validated that the delivery guide
     can be created.
```
Phrasing this bullet point like this gives it parallel structure to the other bullet points. I also removed an unnecessary "you" from the second sentence. Feel free to check out our [documentation guidelines](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/contributing/documentation/content_guidelines.html) for more information.

Author: Wonderful :1st_place_medal: thanks @dade-odoo

   * - :guilabel:`Peruvian eCommerce`
     - `l10n_pe_website_sale`
     - Enables the identification type in eCommerce checkout forms and the ability to generate
       electronic invoices.
   * - :guilabel:`Peruvian - Point of Sale with PE Doc`
     - `l10n_pe_pos`
     - Enables contact fiscal information to be editable from a PoS Session to generate electronic
       invoices and refunds.

.. note::
   - Odoo automatically installs the appropriate package for the company according to the country
     selected at the creation of the database.

>    - The *Peruvian - Electronic Delivery Guide* module depends on the *Inventory* application to be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The *Peruvian - Electronic Delivery Guide* module depends on the **Inventory** application to
   be installed.
```

Multicurrency
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The official currency exchange rate in Peru is provided by the SUNAT. Odoo can connect directly to
its services and get the currency rate either automatically or manually.

.. image:: peru/l10n-pe-banksync-sunat.png

>    :align: center

Reviewer: Our content guidelines have been updated and we no longer add any alignment to screenshots

Special Use cases
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Export invoices

Reviewer: This section does seem like it's about the cancellation process and not about exporting invoices. Are you sure you didn't mean to change the title of the other "Cancellation process" section after the credit consumption warning block?

Author: You've hit the nail on the head :100: 

@dade-odoo  It is indeed, that section after the One Credit warning block, THANKS d:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d4abfed2-f45f-4e62-98b0-31364e9763d2)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/866dbe7b-d369-44a9-8af4-d9af0b09a35f)
